

Test case 1
Case 1.1 Configure the setup with two server hosts ¡¢ one array and one FC switch.
         Hosts name are host1 and host2
         Connect the array to the hosts with the correct zone configuration on the FC switch
         Make the host wwn could be found on the array and those array port wwn could be found on hosts. 
Case 1.2  Create one lun with normal size parameter . Then retrieve the lun info. Check the size 
         is correct and the state of the lun is unexported as default. Remove this lun. Check the 
         lun could not be found.
       Then recreate a lun  with too big size. Then the wrong operation info could be shown; 
       Then recreate a lun with too small size. Then the wrong operation info could be shown ;    
       Then recreate one lun with wrong parameter .Then the wrong operation info could be shown. 
Case 1.3 To check the multiple luns creation functions. Create multiple luns with normal size parameter;
        Then retrieve those luns info . The size and the unexported state should be correct. 
        Remove one unexported lun, Then this removed lun oculd not be found.
        Create multiple luns with too big size parameter . Then the wrong operation info should be shown; 
        Create multiple luns with too small size. Then the wrong operation info should be shown. 
        Create multiple luns with wrong parameter characters . Then the wrong operation info should be shown.  
Case 1.4 Check the lun size with one created lun and then resize the this lun with  with bigger size .
        Then check the new size of the lun should be the new size; 
        Then resize the lun with too bigger size, the wrong operation size info will be shown. 
       Then resize the lun with smaller size or wrong characters, and it will return the wrong 
         operation info.
Case 1.5 then check export and unexport operations.
     Pick up one created lun and check the un-exported state of this lun after it was created. 
      Then change the state of the picked lun to export to one host named host1 and check the exported 
      state of this lun after the operation. Then check the state on host1. The lun could be found on 
      the host1. Try to remove this exported lun on array. The wrong operation info should shown.
      On array, change the lun state to un-export. Then check the exported state of this lun is
       un-exported after the operation.Then this lun could not be found from the host1. Remove this 
       lun on array. The lun could not be found on array.
       On array, export the above lun to a new host named host2. After that the lun state is changed
       to exported state. Then we could check whether the lun could be found on the host2.Still 
       this lun could not be found on host1. 
 Case 1.6 For concurrent operations, those operations could be run with command line. Then several
        operations script as below could be write. 
      One script is to retrieve info of one lun named lun1, with no limited loop.
      One script is to create and remove operation of one lun named lun2 , with no limited loop.
      One script is to export and un-export  of one lun named lun3, with no limited loop.
      One script is to expand one lun named lun4 with very little size, also the new size is 
      just a little bigger than the old size. That means this operation could be run with many times 
       with no limited loop.
      After those scripts are ready, those scripts could be started at the same time. Then those
       operations could be run normally.
Case 1.7  Max numbers luns are created and exported to a host,
      On the host side, some write or read operations are executed. There should be no I/O error 
     and no too much operation delay on the host. 
